strathclyde webpage 
contains info about the uni for onbaording students 
future plans for website:
.add links to universityt society sign ups 
provide info about technolgy apprenticeships available at strathclyde: 
Graduate Apprenticeships are for those based in Scotland. These opportunities, funded by the Scottish Government through Scottish Funding Council and SAAS, develop your workforce by combining the latest academic learning with experience in the workplace. Find out more about eligibility for funding.
At Strathclyde, our industrial focus and external engagement provides an unparalleled foundation for apprenticeship degrees of the highest standard.
We deliver carefully designed programmes that suit the needs of both the learner and the employer. Our programmes are also accredited by relevant professional bodies ensuring that learners achieve a university degree and professionally recognised qualification in parallel.
Entry criteria - We have a flexible admissions approach and applications will be considered on an individual basis with input from employers. Applicants typically will have 4 Highers (minimum B grades) including Mathematics and English.
How to apply - Please contact IT Programme Director Alex Coddington alex.coddington@strath.ac.uk for more information.
Employer benefits of Graduate Apprenticeships- enables employers to fast-track the time required for graduates to reach optimal productivity
designed for a diverse and geographically remote learner population whilst offering an individualised learning experience including individualised learning plans and dedicated support from personal development tutors, work-based mentors and academics
dedicated delivery team who listen, understand and work with employers to offer a fully integrated, contextualised BA (Hons) degree delivered through an online and blended work-based learning mode including regular attendance at our city centre-based campus
The BSc (Hons) IT: Management for Business degree is a bespoke four-year Graduate Apprenticeship programme which will develop apprentices’ knowledge, skills, competencies and professional behaviours.
The degree is designed in partnership with employers in different industry sectors and we work closely with Chartered Management Institute CMI looking at options for professional recognition.
There are four key content areas which make up the IT: Management for Business Graduate Apprenticeship:
Business
Technology
Personal and interpersonal skills
Project and delivery management
Fully funded by the Scottish Government through Scottish Funding Council and SAAS, Graduate Apprenticeships develop your workforce by combining the latest academic learning with experience in the workplace. 
Course structure 
During Years 1 and 2 of the degree learners will study core modules addressing:
Software Engineering
Data Analytics
Computer Networks
Ethical Governance
Business Finance and Financial Services
Managing People for Performance and Innovation.
In addition, learners will work closely with work-based assessors and mentors to enable them to apply their academic knowledge within their work context.
Years 3 and 4 are designed to develop higher level knowledge, professional competencies, and transferable skills via Project Management, Business Analysis and Technology Fundamentals , Software Engineering, Strategy, Risk and Scenario Planning and extensive work-based Integrated Business Project with real value to the employer.
 
